Introduce approved timer list (#29)
thewca/wca-regulations-january-2026: wca-regulations.md

- 7e) The competition area must be smoke-free.
- 7f) Solving station:
    - 7f1) Definitions:

>         - 7f1a) Speedsolving timer: An approved timer from the [Approved timers list](link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - 7f1a) Speedsolving timer: An approved timer from the [Approved timers list](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UizYZOY4v-t7YnKcXas0hHzekX-NGuhW/view).
```

        - A3c4) For Square-1, if the use of a thin object inside the puzzle has been enforced by the organization team (see [Regulation A2b1](regulations:regulation:A2b1)), the competitor may remove the object from the puzzle during inspection.
        - A3c4+) [CLARIFICATION] If the use of a thin object inside the puzzle has been enforced, the judge must not remove the object on behalf of the competitor.
        - A3c4++) [CLARIFICATION] The competitor may remove the object during the solve, if they did not do it during the inspection (e.g. they forgot).
        - A3c5) For Square-1, the competitor should not be penalized for any accidental move made within the limits of [Regulation 10f](regulations:regulation:10f).
    - A3d) At the end of the inspection, the competitor places the puzzle on the mat, in any orientation. The puzzle must be placed fully on the mat and must not be fully or partially resting on the speedsolving timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).
- A4) Starting the solve:

>     - A4b) The competitor uses their fingers to touch the elevated sensor surfaces of the speedsolving timer. The competitor's palms must be facing down, and located on the side of the timer that is closer to the competitor. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A4b) The competitor uses their fingers to touch the elevated sensor surfaces of the speedsolving timer. The competitor's palms must be facing predominantly downward, and located on the side of the timer that is closer to the competitor. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).
```

        - A6b1+) [EXPLANATION] The arbitrary value of 0.06 seconds was chosen to accommodate concerns about speedsolving timer malfunctions.
        - A6b2) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and displays a time of 0.06 seconds or higher, then the attempt is disqualified (DNF). Exception: The WCA Delegate may provide an extra attempt if they believe the timer may have malfunctioned and the competitor did not stop the timer deliberately.
    - A6c) The competitor must fully release the puzzle before stopping the timer. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: If no move or any change in alignment has been applied after stopping the timer and before releasing the puzzle, a time penalty (+2 seconds) may be assigned instead, at the discretion of the judge.
    - A6d) The competitor must stop the speedsolving timer using both hands, placed flat on the sensors with palms down. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).

>     - A6e) After stopping the timer, the competitor must not touch, apply a move, or make any change in alignment to the puzzle, until the judge has inspected the puzzle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A6e) After stopping the timer, the competitor must not touch, apply a move, or make any change in alignment to the puzzle, until the judge has inspected the puzzle (see [Regulation A6g](regulations:regulation:A6g)).
```

        - A6a1) If the judge is not immediately available to stop the stopwatch when a stopwatch is in use, the competitor may stop the stopwatch.
    - A6b) The competitor is responsible for stopping the speedsolving timer correctly.
        - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or as a result of interacting with the timer in an unusual way (e.g. making only minimal contact with the timer, not lifting the hands cleanly away from the timer).
        - A6b1+) [EXPLANATION] The arbitrary value of 0.06 seconds was chosen to accommodate concerns about speedsolving timer malfunctions.
        - A6b2) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and displays a time of 0.06 seconds or higher, then the attempt is disqualified (DNF). Exception: The WCA Delegate may provide an extra attempt if they believe the timer may have malfunctioned and the competitor did not stop the timer deliberately.

>     - A6c) The competitor must fully release the puzzle before stopping the timer. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Exception: If no move or any change in alignment has been applied after stopping the timer and before releasing the puzzle, a time penalty (+2 seconds) may be assigned instead, at the discretion of the judge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A6c) The competitor must fully release the puzzle before stopping the timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds). Exception: If the judge is unable to determine whether any move or any change in alignment has been applied after stopping the timer and before releasing the puzzle, the attempt may be disqualified (DNF), at the discretion of the judge..
```

        - A6a1) If the judge is not immediately available to stop the stopwatch when a stopwatch is in use, the competitor may stop the stopwatch.
    - A6b) The competitor is responsible for stopping the speedsolving timer correctly.
        - A6b1) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and the timer shows a time strictly below 0.06 seconds, then the attempt is replaced by an extra attempt. Exception: No extra attempt is required if the WCA Delegate determines that the timer was stopped deliberately, or as a result of interacting with the timer in an unusual way (e.g. making only minimal contact with the timer, not lifting the hands cleanly away from the timer).
        - A6b1+) [EXPLANATION] The arbitrary value of 0.06 seconds was chosen to accommodate concerns about speedsolving timer malfunctions.
        - A6b2) If the timer stops before the competitor has solved the puzzle and displays a time of 0.06 seconds or higher, then the attempt is disqualified (DNF). Exception: The WCA Delegate may provide an extra attempt if they believe the timer may have malfunctioned and the competitor did not stop the timer deliberately.

>     - A6c) The competitor must fully release the puzzle before stopping the timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds). Exception: If the judge is unable to determine whether any move or any change in alignment has been applied after stopping the timer and before releasing the puzzle, the attempt may be disqualified (DNF), at the discretion of the judge..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A6c) The competitor must fully release the puzzle before stopping the timer. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds). Exception: If the judge is unable to determine whether any move or any change in alignment has been applied after stopping the timer and before releasing the puzzle, the attempt may be disqualified (DNF), at the discretion of the judge.
```

    - A6d) The competitor must stop the speedsolving timer using both hands, placed flat on the sensors with palms down. Penalty: time penalty (+2 seconds).

>     - A6e) After stopping the timer, the competitor must not touch, apply a move, or make any change in alignment to the puzzle, until the judge has inspected the puzzle (see [Regulation A6g](regulations:regulation:A6g)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A6e) After stopping the timer, the competitor must not touch, apply a move, or make any change in alignment to the puzzle, until the judge has determined whether the puzzle is solved (see [Regulation A6g](regulations:regulation:A6g)).
```
